Previously on "The Watchful Eye"...
People have felt a malevolent
presence in the basement
from Alistair Greybourne himself.
Jocelyn tells Alistair
that she suspects
that Winthrop
stole her treasure.
- Jocelyn.
- Who's Jocelyn?
She's the nanny that jumped
out of the window
in the attic and died.
I was talking to her
like I'm talking to you,
except she's dead.
But I never surfed
Tamarama Beach.
What's Tamarama Beach?
I grew up surfing there.
Aah!
I love you.
We'll finish the job,
but you and me, we're done.
Because of the Greybournes,
my dad took his own life.
This place is starting
to push me over the edge.
The Greybournes
and the Winthrops
are all the same family.
Elena: Ruby Greybourne.
♪
Yeah, have a seat.
Hey, how'd you find out
where I live?
A friend at the City
Records Department.
His boss uses "password"
for all of his passwords.
It's not that hard
to find someone.
Okay.
You gonna tell me
why you came here?
Why do you think I'm here,
Detective?
Doorman fell
down the stairs?
Maybe you saw something?
You want to make a statement?
I didn't, and I don't.
I know you and Elena
are a thing.
I saw you together
at the bar.
I mean, we used to be a thing,
but we're not anymore.
Sorry to hear that.
Is she okay?
I haven't talked to her
in a while.
No, not really.
She's getting mixed up
in some pretty scary stuff
that I am now
mixed up into.
Like what?
She's at The Greybourne because
they messed with her family,
and now her dad's dead and
she wants to get back at them.
The Greybournes and Winthrops
are bad news.
If she thinks she can take
a run at them, she's wrong.
Can you talk to her?
Yeah.
I mean--
She won't listen to me,
and I just want her
to be okay.
I mean, she doesn't really
listen to me either,
but, yeah,
I can give it a try.
Thanks.
I'll see myself out.
Hey, you're a good friend,
Ginny Welles.
Yeah.
[ Door opens ]
[ Door closes ]
Hey.
How was drop-off?
All good.
He's psyched about seeing
the flamingos and the elephants,
and Flora's parents said
they won't give him
too much cotton candy.
Ah, we'll see.
Those two are pushovers.
Ah, any plans
for your day off?
Yeah,
just coffee and errands.
Sounds fun.
Yeah. Okay.
Well, I'll see you.
See ya.
Hey.
We got to talk.
How did you hear
about it?
The ruby specifically.
How did you hear about it?
I told you.
My grandmother.
She said Alistair Greybourne
hid some secret treasure
inside his building
before he died.
A priceless ruby.
Why? Did you--
you find the ruby?
Not the one we wanted.
What's this?
Ruby Greybourne.
Born August 21, 1945,
to parents
Alistair Greybourne
and Jocelyn Morrow.
What, Jocelyn the nanny?
And her boss.
I told you they were
having an affair.
I guess
they had a kid, too.
You're-- You're saying
that the ruby's a baby?
Buried treasure.
No, no, no, no, no.
You just got to keep
looking for it.
Scott, I tore
the place apart.
Yeah, bullshit!
Open your eyes!
Jocelyn and Alistair
had a baby,
and then
Jocelyn killed herself.
And there isn't a ruby
because there was never
a ruby to begin with!
♪
They cut us off
without a cent.
My whole family, Elena.
And then Allie was
gonna try to fix things.
And then you.
And our plan, th-that--
that was it.
That was it.
There is no Plan "C."
♪
I wanted it so bad.
To take something
from them...
and just vanish.
But I'm scared.
If I get one more text
threatening to hurt me
or Teo...
I don't want
to do this anymore.
I have to leave
The Greybourne.
Yeah, well, your cover's
nearly blown anyhow, so...
Your friend--
What's her name, Ginny--
came by.
What did you say?
I didn't say anything,
but you told her
a lot of shit, Elena.
But for whatever reason,
she really cares
about you, so...
Good job.
You really rooked her.
Your mom would have
been proud.
I have to wrap things up
with her.
No.
No, just pack up
and get out.
I can't.
They'll come--
They'll come looking
if I just disappear.
I have to--
I have to make it look like
I'm just a normal person
quitting a normal job.
What about your brother?
I still got two guys
with eyes on him.
They'll have no reason
to hurt him
if I'm leaving.
Yeah.
♪
It's over, Scott.
The Greybournes won.
♪
[ Door opens, closes ]
The treasure was a baby.
I'm sorry, Rome.
You don't
have to be sorry.
I know your dad would be proud
of you for trying so hard.
I don't know.
Would he?
Guess who came back
last night.
Hmm?
Dick Ayres.
Alive?
Yep.
Tory found him
in the apartment all K. O.'d.
I bet that's why
they cut the power.
They killed the cameras
so that no one
would see them
bring him back.
Yeah, my money's
still on Tory.
But guess what.
She's the one who found him.
The neighbors heard her screaming.
Thought someone was dead.
She was all over Matthew
last night.
She wanted Matthew
for herself.
She had to get rid of Allie
and then Dick.
Okay, Sherlock,
but then why is he back?
It's not our problem.
When we leave, I don't think
it should be at the same time.
So I'll quit.
And you can wait a week.
Got me?
Rome, you can't stay
for Bennet.
She's gonna find out.
I don't know how I'm gonna
say goodbye, though.
Me either.
Oww! Come on.
I mean...
Sorry.
Stop complaining.
Dr. Franklin
is doing us a favor.
It's fine.
No worse a patient
than Elliott.
But there's a reason
why endocrinologists
don't do house calls.
You need a CAT scan.
Oh,
and we will get him one.
When his colleagues find out
he went over
the handlebars
of his mountain bike,
he's never gonna hear
the end of it.
Okay.
We'd love to have you and Craig
over for dinner sometime.
And Elliott.
Just text me a date
that works for you.
Sure.
That'd be nice.
Great.
Oh.
[ Door opens, closes ]
We're leaving
first thing tomorrow.
Buttercup, I'm sorry.
The car's
charging downstairs.
I cleared out
all the bank accounts.
This--
This is our home.
Burn it.
I hate this mausoleum.
Stop, just stop, stop.
Tory, you know we can't run
from these people.
Anywhere
is safer than here.
Otis beat you
half to death.
You want to stick around
and see what happens next?
I just--
I just wanted to be
the one to give you
and the girls a good life
and not just be a leech.
I never thought of you
as a leech.
The way you look at me
sometimes, Tor,
I'd never know.
I feel like
I have nothing,
and you have everything.
Right.
And you only married me
because I have everything.
Is that what you think?
Well, that is so not true,
and it never was.
I care about you, Tor, so much,
and I care about us.
And sometimes
I just feel
like I'm the only one here
who does.
I'm trying
to keep you alive.
Isn't that proof enough?
That's enough.
[ Wind whooshes ]
♪
Please.
Don't leave yet.
You don't know
the whole truth.
♪
"Dearest Jocelyn,
when I think back
on the first day we met,
how little I could have known
where our paths would lead."
♪ Well, you're nobody ♪
♪ Until somebody loves you ♪
♪ You're nobody ♪
♪ Unh-unh,
till somebody cares ♪
♪ You'd better mind yourself ♪
[ Bell dings ]
♪ You'd better find yourself ♪
♪ Go out and find somebody ♪
Help you, ma'am?
Hello.
I'm Jocelyn Morrow.
I'm here to see
the Greybournes.
Certainly.
[ Knock on door ]
Hey.
Oh, thank God it's you.
Are you okay?
I heard about what happened
to your dad.
It's so messed up, Elena.
Bennet's away, Elliott
and I aren't speaking,
and I am so scared.
Something terrible
is happening.
And no one will tell me
the truth.
Come here.
[ Horns honking ]
You don't have much childcare
experience, do you?
No, but I practically raised
my sisters back home
in County Antrim.
You're a long way
from Ireland.
I understand this would be
a live-in position.
That's correct.
May I ask
how many children
you
and Mr. Greybourne have?
Two.
A boy and a girl.
The king's choice,
they say.
So I don't need any more.
Would you like
to have more?
I would love to.
But I can't, so...
"Her children arise up
and call her blessed
and her husband also,
and he praiseth her."
[ Door opens ]
Proverbs.
[ Door closes ]
Can you imagine
seeing such a thing?
No, and I hope
to never again.
[ Laughs ]
I didn't know
we had company.
You did know
and you forgot.
My husband,
Alistair Greybourne.
And my brother,
Mr. Winthrop.
Looking pretty as a picture
today, Iris.
Mm, thank you.
This is Miss Morrow.
She's going to be
the new nanny.
Oh, have I got
the job then?
Yes, you can start today.
I'm sure you'll be
very happy here.
Thank you, Mr.
and Mrs. Greybourne.
I'm sure I will.
[ Indistinct conversations ]
Gentlemen, I can tell you
with absolute certainty
Brooklyn is the future.
For who?
Literary hacks
and starving artists?
Let them have it.
Winthrop, the land is cheap.
The politicians
easily purchased.
The Greybourne Corporation
should plant its stake.
Unless you want the Vanderbilts
to beat us to it again.
Alistair,
I think it's best
that our funds
stay liquid for now.
Wartime and all.
Marcato.
What say you?
We have the capital.
Selling weapons
to the Allies
has increased
company profits 9%.
And I do agree
with Mr. Greybourne.
♪
Brooklyn, it is.
Jocelyn: Oh, you're
an excellent shot, Bruno.
Father, will you stay
and play with us?
Hey, champ.
Well, I'll just watch for now.
Sorry for the mess, sir.
I enjoy it in here.
It's much simpler.
Children actually
prioritize happiness.
Mm.
It's why I love to be
around them.
Would you like children
of your own someday?
I had hoped to.
My husband was killed
at Dunkirk.
Iris never said
you were a widow.
I never told her.
No respectable household
would hire a widow.
But perhaps you'll be
kind enough
to keep that
between us, sir.
Of course.
I'm sorry
for your loss.
I know
you went to see Scott.
You didn't leave me
any other choice.
I'm not angry.
I actually think
it means a lot
that you would care enough
to do that.
I think you'll be glad to know
I'm leaving.
And Roman too.
I'm sorry I lied to you
and used you.
I never meant to hurt you
or any one of our friends.
So just please
let everyone know that.
So you want me to tell Alex
and James and Kim and Elliott
and Darcy and Bennet,
who all loved and trusted you,
by the way,
that you lied to us?
That's my job?
You guys can just go back
to the way it was
before I came in
and messed everything up.
You are kidding yourself
if you think
that is even possible.
I hope
it was all worth it.
♪
♪ I was a giver ♪
What's the occasion?
To say I'm sorry
for meddling with Darcy
and that I'm leaving.
Oh, you're leaving?
Family emergency.
Honestly, I thought
you would be glad,
considering my very
crummy advice
that ruined your summer
of love.
Yeah, I've been told
I can be pedantic.
Sorry for blowing up
at you.
Oh, no worries.
You and me,
friends for life.
But you and Darcy.
Just tell her
how you feel.
I get the feeling
she's tired of people
keeping secrets
from her.
♪ It's the only way out ♪
[ Thunder rumbling softly ]
[ Lightning crashes ]
Jocelyn:
What a clever trick.
Miss Morrow,
I didn't see you there.
How does it work?
The mechanism?
I had a watchmaker create it
for me, actually,
to hide this key.
What's it for?
Treasure chest?
Nothing so special.
Just a cabinet where
I keep my papers away
from the prying eyes
of my partners.
Like Mr. Winthrop?
Him and others.
[ Lightning crashes ]
[ Gasps ]
Don't be scared.
I'm not scared.
Do you feel the charge
in the air?
Particles of energy.
Like-- Like magic.
♪
I don't think
I've ever met
anyone like you,
Jocelyn Morrow.
♪
[ Elevator bell dings ]
Ginny: [ Giggles ]
Oh. Do not get near
an open flame.
I can still smell
the fumes on you.
Okay, I was stuck
in an elevator
with a bottle of mezcal.
What was I supposed to do,
not drink it?
At least someone had
a good night.
Kim practically danced
her way to the airport
because of you.
Meanwhile,
I'm stuck stateside
with the one kid
who's afraid of flying.
I don't want
to mess it up.
Babe, you could never.
You're great.
I have a lengthy history
of being not so great.
What did you want
to talk about?
Okay.
When I was stuck
in the elevator
with James and Mrs. Ivey,
I kind of got the vibe
that they, like,
already know each other.
How well do you
really know James?
♪
I've missed you.
It's impossible
to get away.
We can't keep lying
to her.
She has no idea.
She will...
soon...
when she sees.
How far along are you?
A few months.
It'll be Ruby
if it's a girl.
After my mother.
Ruby's a fine name.
My God,
what are we gonna do?
I have to leave.
Jocelyn, no.
You can't go.
But I can't stay either.
Iris:
Who is the father?
Just a man I met.
He's gone now.
Coward.
I want to thank you,
Mrs. Greybourne,
for all your kindness
to me.
I'm so sorry
I let you down.
I won't bring shame
upon your home.
God bless you
and your children.
The world will be unkind
to you, Jocelyn.
Your reputation
will be ruined
and your child
will starve.
Unless he became
a Greybourne.
He would have
every advantage.
The best school, the best
marriage prospects,
a bright future.
If the child was mine
and not yours.
It's not a he.
It's a she,
and she's mine.
I won't abandon her.
You wouldn't have to.
You could raise her
as her nanny.
No one would know the truth
except us.
And Alistair and Otis.
We would have to keep it
from everyone else, you see.
Alistair lost everything
in the crash in 1929.
And my father bailed him
out on one condition--
that only legitimate heirs
would inherit
the family fortune.
He never liked Alistair.
He never trusted him.
As long as we claim
that the baby is mine,
she will become
a true Greybourne.
♪
[ Cellphone vibrating ]
Elena:
What happened to you, Ruby?
♪
I-I know I messed up.
But I really like you, Darcy.
And I want to say sorry.
♪ We'll make music
in the morning ♪
I'm really glad
you're here.
♪ And when this life feels
like it's too much to bear ♪
♪ I hope you share ♪
Everything okay?
Flora's parents didn't call,
did they?
Uh, no, everything
is fine with Jasper,
but, um...
it's about my brother.
What, is he okay?
No, not really.
He got into some trouble
at school, big trouble,
and I, um, have to leave
tomorrow to deal with it.
Yeah. Go. Go.
I mean, take as much time
as you need.
We'll manage.
Just shoot me a text when
you're ready to come back.
I won't be coming back.
Wait, what?
I can't.
My brother needs me.
I called the nanny agency, though,
and they'll get
a temp tomorrow
until you can find
someone permanent.
I'm-- I'm so sorry, Matthew.
Uh...[sighs]
Yeah. No,
I'm sorry, too.
God, this is gonna
break Jasper's heart.
I know.
I really feel like
he's really blooming
this summer
after everything
that's happened.
He's a lot stronger
than we know.
Yeah, because of you, Elena.
Is there anything I can do
to convince you to come back?
No.
Okay.
Um, do you think
you could stick around
just so Jasper
could say goodbye?
Just for some closure?
Yeah.
I'll come by in the morning.
Is that okay?
Thank you.
And I'll, uh, I'll break
the news to him.
That way,
you won't have to.
Okay.
♪
I'm gonna go grab a sweater
that I left in his room
before I forget, okay?
Jocelyn:
♪ Lilies o'er spread ♪
♪ In baby's wee bed ♪
♪
Our Ruby.
I don't know how much longer
I can keep this up.
Playing nanny
to my own daughter.
It's too painful.
She has her eyes,
your smile.
No one can ever
take that away.
♪
Run away?
What are you,
16 and pregnant?
Grown women
don't run away.
My husband was beaten
within an inch of his life
by your business partner.
You said he was fine.
I said he was alive.
Nothing is fine.
Otis isn't gonna stop.
He's dangerous.
He's family.
I'm calling the police.
You will not.
Aunt Charlotte, I've been
going over it in my head,
and it still doesn't
make any sense.
What if Allie
didn't kill herself?
What if someone else
hurt her?
Someone like Otis.
What happened to your sister
was a terrible tragedy.
But if you're looking
for someone to blame,
the only person
to blame is Allie.
Mm.
I don't know what I'd do
without you, Aunt Charlotte.
Neither do I.
But I'm so scared.
It's my fault.
I never meant
to hurt her.
I know.
But she knows.
Iris knows.
She's told me to leave.
What am I gonna do?
Ruby's a Greybourne now.
Iris will never let her go.
Ruby's birth certificate.
She's yours now.
And so am I.
Let's run away together.
The three of us.
Alistair.
Hide this
in the staircase.
Iris will destroy it
if she ever finds it.
I'll bring Ruby.
I'll meet you there at midnight.
We'll be penniless.
Will you still love me?
♪
Always and forever.
I stalked all
of James' socials.
Nothing seems shady.
What, you think
he's cheating on you?
Oh, we're not exclusive.
He could do
whatever he wants.
Except lie.
Okay, like today,
he said
he's with the Patels
at their place
in Watch Hill,
but is he really?
Only one way to find out.
Call Zora Patel.
I have her number from when Rex
did golf clinic with her kids.
Just tell her you got
her number from Julie Quinn.
[ Cellphone rings ]
Wait, what if he's
actually there?
You're the actor. Improv.
If we record this,
can I use it for my reel?
Zora Patel.
Uh, hello.
My name is
Alexandra... Ginny.
I got your number
from Julie Quinn
because I'm trying
to reach your manny, James.
I'm interested in setting up
some piano lessons
with him for my son.
And, um,
I tried his number,
but there was no answer.
Julie mentioned that
you're all in Watch Hill
together, so...
Oh, God.
I'm sorry.
This is so awkward.
But James doesn't work
for us anymore.
He was incredibly unreliable.
We had to let him go
a few months back.
You did?
Sorry I can't be
more helpful.
Please tell Julie
I said hello.
He hasn't worked
for them in months?
Mnh-mnh.
Found it.
So, what's next
for Elena?
I'll probably just go
finish packing.
No, I mean, in life.
You talked about
getting your college degree.
That still on the table?
Yeah, that's gonna have
to wait.
Well, you got
somewhere to stay?
Family?
Um, no, not really.
Boyfriend?
I had someone,
but that's over.
And I didn't say anything
in the interview
because it was
already rocky and...
So what happened?
You know, the usual.
We fought all the time,
mostly about money.
It got exhausting.
And after a while,
I didn't really know
what we were
fighting about.
Yeah.
People fight about money
more than anything else.
That's what did us in.
Allie and me.
You know,
before I met her,
I never had more
than 1,000 bucks
in my bank account.
She came
from all of this.
I just wanted
to take Jasper
and go back to Indiana
just to keep him grounded,
but she didn't want
to leave this.
That's why we were
gonna split.
I'm so sorry.
I mean, we still loved
each other, but we just--
we both wanted to be
on our own home planets.
I wasn't gonna get a dime.
Ironclad pre-nup.
And I was so fine
with that.
And then she died,
and I got it all.
Here I am, still
at The Greybourne.
I'm glad you didn't run off
to Indiana.
Why's that?
Because I wouldn't
have met you.
♪ If looks could kill ♪
♪ Deadly ♪
♪ Something of desire ♪
♪ Needed ♪
♪ Badly ♪
♪ Passion is a fire ♪
♪ All it takes is just a look ♪
♪ All it takes is one ♪
♪ To captivate and pull you in ♪
♪ Your time has come ♪
♪ All it takes is
just a stare ♪
Where are you, Alistair?
♪ I'm slowly gonna do you in ♪
♪ Your time has come ♪
♪ If looks could kill ♪
♪ Wouldn't it be, oh,
such a thrill? ♪
♪ If looks could kill ♪
♪
Shh, shh, shh, shh.
It's alright.
Shh, shh, shh, it's alright.
Here we are.
Iris: Hey.
Hey, what are you doing?
Jocelyn,
put that baby down.
[ Baby crying ]
Jocelyn!
Give her back to me.
Stay away from us!
She is mine!
No!
♪
I should go.
What?
You know what?
Um...
You don't have to go.
I do.
I'm scared.
Look, I know, okay?
I'm-- I'm scared, too.
I hope you and Jasper
make it back to Indiana.
♪
I never touched her.
[ Jocelyn groaning ]
Alistair was gonna
run away with her.
What are we gonna do?
What are you doing?
She's still alive.
♪
[ Body thuds ]
Aaah!
Just another suicide
nobody's gonna care about.
♪
You will not destroy
everything we built
and bring shame
upon my sister.
♪
Elena: Mrs. Ivey, did you
hear anything strange
last night?
After the blackout.
Not a thing.
Why do you ask?
It doesn't matter anymore.
I'm here to tell you
that I'm leaving
The Greybourne.
Matthew didn't
kill his wife.
You're wrong about him.
He and Allie were filing
for divorce,
and he wasn't gonna
get anything
because of the pre-nup,
and he was fine with it.
He told you that?
Might he be lying?
My bullshit radar
is pretty good.
Well, I'm sorry you weren't
able to discover
anything
more illuminating.
I hope you've enjoyed living
at The Greybourne,
however briefly.
My father was
very proud of it.
Was he?
Shame he had a massive heart
attack right after I was born.
Tragedy seems to run
in our family.
I'm the only one left
to carry on his legacy now.
And Jasper, eventually.
Goodbye, Mrs. Ivey.
Miss Santos.
Whatever you're running from,
you may as well face it
since it's going to catch up
with you anyway.
♪
[ Whispers ]
Goodbye, Jocelyn.
♪
A tragic
double suicide then?
It would seem that way, Officer.
It's a terrible thing.
I got to tell you.
[ Clears throat ]
It would absolutely kill
my sister
if a connection
to these two misfortunes
ever made it out
to the press.
The shame on the family.
She's already bereaved.
You understand, don't
you?
That can be arranged.
♪
I'm so sorry
for your loss, ma'am.
She's beautiful.
What's her name?
Charlotte.
Who's that in that photo?
My family.
And who's that woman?
Oh, the nanny, Jocelyn.
I don't remember her.
She died when I was baby.
♪
[ Door opens ]
[ Door closes ]
[ Jocelyn crying ]
[ Crying continues ]
[ Brahms' "Lullaby" playing ]
♪
[ Crying continues ]
Ruby, my Ruby.
♪
What the hell?
Ruby Greybourne
is Charlotte Ivey.
Charlotte Ivey,
like Mrs. Ivey?
Jocelyn and Alistair
named the baby Ruby.
But when Iris,
Alistair's wife,
took the baby and pretended
it was hers,
she changed her name
to Charlotte.
Okay, that's truly wild,
but what does it matter?
Mrs. Ivey is a Greybourne,
but she's not a Winthrop.
And the money came
through the Winthrops,
and you have to be a legitimate
heir in order to inherit.
So either Ivey knows that,
and she's got
everybody fooled.
Or she doesn't know.
And she will soon.
I think Jocelyn has
been trying to tell me
to protect her baby.
But Ruby is not
a baby anymore.
And I got
to protect my own.
I bet Ivey will pay
to keep that a secret.
The question is how much?
We're not leaving
The Greybourne
until we spin this paper
into gold.
♪